So let's practice using CORS.
And for this we first must change the index.html files.
So if you open it,
you will find that this part has been commented out
and this part is to demo CORS.
Okay, so the way to just make it work
is that you first go to line 13
and you remove the first characters before the div.
And after script,
you remove as well the dash, dash and arrow.
So this is going to enable CORS.
And what's going to happen is that
my first webpage is now gonna say
Hello world I love coffee
and show the coffee image.
But after this, we're going to have a script
that is going to fetch an extra page,
an extra HTML page, okay?
And then displays underneath.
And this extra HTML page right here is saying
this extra page has been successfully loaded.
So let's go into our buckets
and we're going to upload two files.
So we have the extra-page.html and the index.html.
So we're going to do
is that we're going to upload these two files now,
because this is successful.
And if I go into my Properties
and look for my endpoints right here,
I can click on this to open in a new tab.
And we have I love coffee, Hello world! The coffee image.
And then this extra page has been successfully loaded.
So that means that the fetch request worked
from within the same origin
because, well, both my extra page
and my index.html files are on the same bucket.
So now let's demonstrate CORS.
And to do this,
I must first create another extra extra bucket
and enable it as a website.
So let's create a bucket and call it
demo-other-origin-stephane.
And I will choose it to be in another region, for example,
to demonstrate that there are very different servers.
For example, I will put this one in Canada.
Okay, so I'll scroll down.
I will unblock all public access
because we will make this public.
And then I will scroll down, create this bucket.
Now I go into the bucket itself.
And then under Properties I will scroll down
and make sure that we have enabled this as a website.
So yes, this is a website
and I wanna host a static website.
And then we'll say index.html,
even though we don't have one,
this will be enough for the index documents.
Okay, so this is good.
Next, we need to make this bucket public.
So let's go into Permissions.
And then for the bucket policy, let's edit it, okay.
And to make it simple,
I'm going to just copy the one I had from before.
So this one is going to be copied here and pasted,
and I will just swap out the buckets ARN,
right here under the resource.
So this is effectively going to make
these buckets public as well.
So let's save these changes.
And we have an unexpected response
because we just removed the first character.
Save the changes. Perfect.
Back in here, we are going to now upload,
in my other-origin, we're going to upload a file.
So we're going to upload this extra-page.html.
Upload it, and we're good.
So this file should now be a public file
on my buckets enabled as a website.
So if I click on this, this Object URL right here,
as we can see the extra page has been loaded
and the file is public.
So now what we have
is that we have the origin buckets in here
and we can remove this extra-page.html
because we don't need this one right now
because we have placed it in another bucket.
And then we're going to have to change the index.html file
to point instead to the extra page in my other origin.
So first, let's go to this page,
and I'm going to refresh this.
And I get a "404 Not Found" because, well,
we cannot find the extra-page.html.
So this is perfect.
Right now we shows that we have something to fix.
So let's close this.
Let's go to this demo-origin-stephane, other-origin.
Let's go to the properties, find the public URL, this one.
So let's open this as an STS website,
/extra-page.html.
So perfect, we have this extra page, this puzzle website.
And we'll use this entire URL and change our index.html.
And this time to fetch, we're going to fetch not this
but the full path to my extra-page.html on another bucket.
And this is going to trigger
across origin resource share request.
So now I need to re-upload this index.html file
where I need to.
So let's upload it here on the main buckets,
the first one.
Perfect. And let's override it.
Okay, so now my file is uploaded.
So let's go onto my first webpage right now.
And it's using the new index.html.
And I'm going to first open, under More tools,
I'm going to open the web developer tools.
This is something also called the Chrome Developer Tools.
And I'm going to refresh this page
to see if we have an error.
So let's refresh this page.
As you can see now, we don't have any error message here,
but in my console log debugger,
we have something that is written very, very small
and may be aware.
But it says cross-origin request blocked
because the policy does not allow this.
There's a CORS header called
the Access-Control-Allow that is missing.
And so therefore, currently,
because my request is going onto this other bucket,
but this other bucket is not set up for CORS yet,
then this request is failing.
And the web browser is saying
that the cross-origin request has been blocked.
So let's fix this by adding the CORS setting.
So let's go here under my other origin, okay,
and you go under Permissions, scroll down,
and we have the CORS setting here that we define in JSON.
So let's edit this.
And we need to add the correct CORS setting.
So thankfully I have them here.
So you just copy this block of code and you paste it here.
And here, the AllowedOrigins we need to define
are going to be a URL of the first bucket with http
without a slash at the end.
So fair lazy.
Let's go to my first web page.
We copy this entirely,
we paste it here,
and if there's a slash at the end like right now,
just remove it.
And then you're going to save these CORS settings.
So now we're saying to this other origin that's, yes
it's okay to make requests from the first origin.
So how do we know that it's going to work?
Well, let's refresh this page now.
As we can see now,
this extra pet has been successfully loaded,
and that's correct.
And we can also have a look at this
by going into the networking tab.
And if you look at the request that was made
on the extra page, and we look at the response headers,
we can see right here, again, it's very small,
but we can see that there is
Access-Control-Allow-Methods GET,
Access-Control-Allow-Origin,
and this is the origin of my first buckets.
So these are the headers
that allow this cross origin request to be made.
Now, I know that what we've seen right now
may be a bit advanced, of course,
but this CORS settings just come up at the exam
at a high level.
Did you know what it is?
But I wanted to show you exactly how it worked
so that it becomes very easy
for you to answer this one question.
Okay, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.